You have a new order, please check it carefully.
Hey don't don't don't complain to me don't complain to me oops
You are blind to deliver the courier.
Ouch, sorry, sorry, I didn't see it.
Come on, I'll wipe it for you
Go away, it tastes sour
Stay away from me!
See for yourself
How can I wear it?
I was in a hurry to deliver the courier just now.
I didn't see the urgent courier.
Is that right? Then I won't let you deliver it today.
Mr. Shen sees you again
Why are you following me again?
Didn't I tell you?
I don't know what you're talking about.
Longdian owner
You see, I'm a courier.
Hey, look, the order is here again.
I'm going to be busy first, hey, the owner
I understand that you had an accident three years ago
No memory
Don't worry, you can go back to the dragon store with me.
I will definitely find a way to cure you.
Gee, I'm not sick.
See shopkeeper
Why don't you believe what I say?
You, you, you are like this, I don't have time to mess with you here
You see, I still have a truckload of couriers that I want to deliver.
I have to go home and cook after the courier is delivered.
I'm busy
Dangtang Longdian owner
How can I let him deliver the courier in person?
Brother, I helped the owner deliver the courier. Yes.
Hey, can you do it?
Please rest assured.
You guys have been very helpful today
I can leave work early today
And surprise my wife
Honey, I'm back.
Tell me, I don't know who it is.
They took up all our parking spaces
Xiaolan
What are you doing?